1)what are test types

1. functional
2. non-functional
3. structural
4. change related

2) what are types of integration testing

Integration Testing tests interfaces between different software components.
Big Bang - all is tested at one time.
Top-down - first is tested  main module, then submodules.
Bottom-up - first are tested modules, then main function.

3)What are smoke and sanity testing, what is difference

Smoke and sanity testing test stability of a system. Differences are:
1.smoke testing is a subset of a system testing; testing of entire system from end to end.
2.Sanity testing is a subset of regression testing; component's testing of a system.

4)what's end-to-end testing

End-to-end testing is a system testing.
It tests all product, all components to make sure it's ready for acceptance testing.

5)What is security testing

Security testing - divides into vulnerability scanning, that uncovers vulnerabilities;
and penetration testing - tests protection of a system.

6)what is performance testing

Performance testing tests stability, speed, scalability and responsiveness of an application.
-scalability testing - when changes are made in size or volume of a system.
-load testing - testing, while load is expected.
-stress - testing, while load is maximum.
-reliability - while load is medium and time of work is long.
-testing of load time.

7)what are regression and confirmation testing; what's difference

Regression Testing searches for bugs related to program or code change.
Confirmation testing is retest of a program or code. It searches for
unfixed bugs, which were set to be fixed.

8)how often is regression testing

Every time when changes in codebase are happening.

9) localization testing

Localization testing verifies software accuracy and suitability for a specific region.

Preparation stage:
-gathering documentation about product
-standardization

Regional factors testing:
-time, date
-measurement systems
-regional terminology and idioms: lorry, boot, table
-cultural believing: white - luck in West, mourning in Asia

Linguistic testing: spelling, syntax

Interface testing:
-tittles on images, dialogues, popup windows, buttons.
-hyphenations

Functional testing:
-links are not blocked
-input function
-fonts
-lists sorting

10)what is configuration testing

Configuration testing is a system testing with different
software and hardware configurations (OS, devices). 

11)what are black, grey, white box testing

Black box testing tests a system from the outside,
without knowing what is happening inside the system.
White box testing tests code, infrastructure and integrations with knowing of code.
Gray-box testing is a combination of white-box testing and black-box testing.

12)what is exploratory testing

Exploratory testing is learning the product, creating the tests
and executing these tests at the same time.

13)what is risk-based testing

Risk Based Testing is based on the probability of risk.
It contains such stages as:
-searching of risks
-evaluating of risks
-making plan of responding to risks
-scoping risks

14)what is dynamic testing

Dynamic testing tests system's functional behavior, memory/CPU consumption,
and overall performance of the system with code execution.

15)what is static testing

Mainly, it's documentation testing or code testing without program being executed.
Can be automated.

16)what is difference between verification and validation

Verification checks if requirements are followed. It uses static testing of
documentation, code.
Validation checks if product meets client needs. It uses dynamic testing,
execution of code, etc.

17)search relevance testing

Search relevance testing is the evaluation of a search result closeness to the query.
Metrics of search relevance testing is in percent:

1. Precision - are all the correct results appearing?

2. Recall - are all the existen relevant results appearing?

3. Mean Reciprocal Rank (MRR):
the most-desired result is on the top of search.

4. Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (NDCG).
It scales the results based on the best results seen.

5. Click-Through Rate: number of clicks per search result.

18)what is adhoc testing

It is a testing without planning and documentation, based on the experience of a tester.

19)what is compatibility testing

compatibility testing  — is testing of product compatibility with:
-operating system (Unix, Windows, MacOS, …)
-devices (printers, mouse, USB, camera)
-browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari)
-data bases (Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL, …)
-system software
-network devices

20) what is unit testing

Unit Testing is a functional white box testing, when the minimal
testable component is tested
(program units, objects, classes, etc.). 

21) what is monkey testing

Monkey testing is a testing with the hope of finding bugs, when using inputs,
like a monkey makes random inputs at the computer.

22)what is fuzz testing

Fuzz testing is an automated software testing, when a special fuzzing tool
inputs invalid data to detect defects and vulnerabilities.

23)what is API testing

API testing - is functional software testing by using API.
Application Programming Interface - set of functions for building and integrating software.
proses are:
+early testing;
+time efficiency;
+independence of programming language;
+reduces risks.

24)what are the disadvantages of test automation

-requires an automation testing platform and scripter;
-is not financially effective for less than 3 test cycles.