1)SoftwareDevelopmentLifeCycle

1. Gathering of requirements and their analysis.
2. Design of a product.
3. Coding.
4. Testing.
5. Implementation.
6. Maintenance.

2)what SDLC methodologies do exist

1. Waterfall - in waterfall model next stage of development always goes after previous in strict order:
analysis of goals, product design, coding, testing. There is a lot of documentation in waterfall.

2. V-Model - V-model inherited strict order of development stages from waterfall. The main difference from waterfall:
development of testing is running simultaneously with the corresponding stage of the development process.


Waterfall and V-model are good for the projects, where there are concrete goals and requirements and where
deficiencies in quality are really expensive.
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3. Iterative model consists of repeating iterations: planning of development, implementation of product,
testing, evaluating results.
Every iteration produces some complete part of a product with working functionality.
During iteration the analyzing, the improvements are committed constantly.
advantages:
- communication with customer during the development process
- managing efforts of work according to development needs
- continuous testing
- efficient usage of experience.

4. Incremental Model is an iterative development model, where the first iteration produces the main complete
part of the product and further iterations enhance it, adding new features to it and fixing deficiencies.

5. Agile - it is a kind of iterative development model. In agile - the quality of the end product takes
the first place by importance in competition with development tools and documentation.

6. Spiral: In a spiral model, one loop of spiral is an iteration.
The main feature that distinguishes this model from others is
good controlling of risks. 

3)what is Scrum and Kanban, difference between them

Scrum and Kanban are agile frameworks of software development.
Scrum iteration consists of from 2 up to 4-week sprints.
Kanban iteration consists of planned scope of work, that is visualised at a kanban desk.
