1)checklist for cart

check deleting product from cart
check captcha
check checkouting by different payment methods
check different delivery methods
check adding quantity of product item
check reducing quantity of product item
check privacy policy hyperlink
check changing of personal information

2)test data for date field 18+

18-100 valid range
invalid data:
1.letters
2.symbols
3.empty field
4.0-17including
5.space
Using boundary values technique, I propose to use this data
1.18
2.100
3.0
4.17
5.101
6.letters
7.symbols
8.empty field
9.space

3)checklist for payment card field

1.card number
enter valid 16 numbers
don't enter anything
enter 17 numbers
enter 15 numbers
enter letters
enter symbols
enter space

2.The expiration date (12/31)
enter valid date
don't enter anything
enter invalid date
enter symbols
enter letters
enter spaces
enter zeroes
enter 9/2
enter 123/456
enter 13/20
enter invalid boundary dates (02/30, 04/31, etc.)

3.CW
enter valid number
don't enter anything
enter invalid number
enter symbols
enter letters
enter spaces
enter zeroes
enter 2
enter 34
enter 5678


4)test elevator, pencil, calculator

1. Elevator:
positive-test of opening elevator doors with an elevator button.
negative-test of opening elevator doors with hands.
functional-test of lifting from the second to the sixth floor.
ux-test of such characteristics, as a lifting comfort, colors niceness, floor flatness.
performance-test of lifting 6 persons.
verification-test of presence of a floor in the elevator.
Environmental-test of lifting from the second to the sixth floor in the summer, winter.
security-test of access to an elevator maintenance room.
documentation testing.
stress testing-test of lifting 500 kg from the second to the sixth floor.

2. Pencil:
positive-test of writing a text on paper, erasing a text with an eraser.
negative-test of writing with an eraser, erasing with a tip of the pencil. 
functional-test of drawing a picture.
ux-test of such characteristics, as a writing comfort, colors niceness, flatness.
performance-test of a number of written pages without pencil sharpening, test of a number of pencil's sharpening.
verification-test of lead hardness (hardness of a graphite, it is indicated on the side of a pencil).
Environmental-test of writing a text on paper in the summer, winter, under the water.
security-test of possibility of stealing the pencil.
stress testing-testing of dropping the pencil to the floor, pencil bending. 
compatibility-testing of sharping the pencil with a pencil sharpener, a knife, an axe.

3. Calculator:
positive-test of finding square root of 81.
negative-test of writing SMS (Short Message Service).
functional-test of adding 2+2.
ux-test of such characteristics, as a using comfort, colors niceness, symbols displaying.
performance-test of discharging time.
verification-test of presence of a subtraction function.
Environmental-test of calculating in the summer, winter, under the water.
security-test of possibility of calculator stealing.
documentation testing.
stress testing-test of calculating during 10 hours in the summer heat, at a temperature of 40 degrees Celsius.
compatibility-test of compatibility with different types of batteries.

5) valid18-99incl - test by BVA

17,18,99,100

6)webpage with email, pass fields and submit button-negative testcases

Don't enter any value in all fields. Click on the submit button.
Enter valid value in email field, don't enter any value in pass field. Click on the submit button.
Enter valid value in email field, enter any invalid value in pass field. Click on the submit button.
Enter valid value in email field, enter 4 spaces in pass field. Click on the submit button.
Enter valid value in email field, enter max+1 number of symbols in pass field. 
Check HTML support of pass field.
Check Javascript support of pass field.
Enter valid value in pass field, don't enter any value in email field. Click on the submit button.
Enter valid value in pass field, enter any invalid value in email field. Click on the submit button.
Enter valid value in pass field, enter 4 spaces in email field. Click on the submit button.
Enter valid value in pass field, enter max+1 number of symbols in email field. 
Enter valid value in pass field, enter email without @(at sign) in email field.
Check HTML support of email field.
Check Javascript support of email field.
Enter valid value in email field, enter valid email value in pass field. Click on the submit button.

7)give an example of good testcase

Test Case 1: Check results on to register via Facebook at web-site
Preconditions:
1. registration and authorization on at Facebook
2. authorization and registration off at web-site
Steps	                                            ER
at homepage click on navigation menu icon:  	   side bar menu appears
at side bar menu click on <<Registration>> button: registration menu appears
at registration menu click on <<Facebook>> button: register at web-site via Facebook

8)messenger test cases - message field, submit button

1.send all capital and small Cyrillic letters.
2.send all capital and small letters of the Latin alphabet.
3. send 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
4. send all characters.
5. send <<test, of testing>> in Ukrainian.
6. send <<test, of testing>>.
7. send 4 spaces.
8. send all emoticons.
9. send an image.
10. send two images.
11. send the maximum number of characters.
12. send the maximum number of characters+1.
13. check HTML support.
14. check Javascript support.
15. check for SQL vulnerability.
16. copy the text (different ways).
17. insert text (different ways).
18. check the appearance of the cursor when entering content.
19. send an empty message.
20. check the displacement of the messenger interface.
21. check the sending of the message using enter.
22. check the sending of the message using the mouse.
23. check the sending of the message in the mobile version.
24. check message sending in different OS.
25. check the spelling of the text of the messenger interface.
26. send text in bold.
27. send text in italics.
28. send text with changed font size.
29. send text with changed font size and italics.
30. send text with changed font size and bold.

9)give an example of positive and negative test

Positive test - check authorization with valid username and password.
Negative test - check authorization with invalid username and password.

10) write test cases for functionality, that is on several web-pages (for example, search field)

I. Check the location of the search field
precondition - the search field is in the upper right corner of the home page
1.step - go to page a; er - the search field is in the same upper right corner of the web page
2.step - go to page b; er - the search field is in the same upper right corner of the web page
3.step - go to page c; er - the search field is in the same upper right corner of the web page

II. Check the presence of the search field on all the pages.
1.step - go to page a; er - the search field is present
2.step - go to page b; er - the search field is present
3.step - go to page c; er - the search field is present

III. Check if search searches from all actual pages
precondition - make a list of pages(a, b, c) with searchable content
1.step - enter query for content from a; er-  searchable content for a is found
2.step - enter query for content from b; er-  searchable content for b is found
3.step - enter query for content from c; er-  searchable content for c is found

11)test check out in internet-store

check buying a product with correct entered data
check buying a product with different payment methods
check buying a product with different delivery methods
check entering personal info when check out(correct or incorrect)
check changing product quantity
check deleting a product from check out
check buying a product with incorrect entered data
check buying a product with empty main fields of check out

12)test a broken toster

documentation testing
check the lever at the side of the toaster
check if the carriage latches can stay in lower position
check if internal switch activates the heating process, after the carriage latches are in lower position
check thermostat's condition using heating control lever
check power cable

13)name quantity of functional test-cases to test log in form

1.Check if Sign-Up button is hoverable.
2.Check if Sign-Up button is clickable.
3.Enter valid values in all required fields. Click on Sign-Up  button.
4.Check cursor (login field)(mouse).
5.Check cursor (password field)(mouse).
6.Check text selection (login field)(mouse).
7.Check text selection (password field)(mouse).
8.Check cursor (login field)(keyboard).
9.Check cursor (password field)(keyboard).
10.Check text selection (login field)(keyboard).
11.Check text selection (password field)(keyboard).
12.Check copy text function from login field is available (mouse).
13.Check copy text function from login field is available (keyboard).
14.Check paste text function in login field is available (mouse).
15.Check paste text function in login field is available (keyboard).
16.Check cut text function from login field is available (mouse).
17.Check cut text function from login field is available (keyboard).
18.Check copy text function from password field is available (mouse).
19.Check copy text function from password field is available (keyboard).
20.Check paste text function in password field is available (mouse).
21.Check paste text function in password field is available (keyboard).
22.Check cut text function from password field is available (mouse).
23.Check cut text function from password field is available (keyboard).
24.Check entering maximal number of characters (login field).
25.Check entering maximal number of characters (password field).
26.Check entering maximal+1 number of characters (login field).
27.Check entering maximal+1 number of characters (password field).
28.Check entering minimal number of characters (login field).
29.Check entering minimal number of characters (password field).
30.Check entering all possible correct characters (login field).
31.Check entering all possible correct characters (password field).
32.Check password masking when log in.

14)checklist registration(first name, last name,username,pass,repass)

1.Buttons are clickable.
2.Enter valid values in all required fields and register.
3.Check cursor in all fields using keyboard and mouse.
4.Check text selection in all fields using keyboard and mouse.
5.Check copy text function in all fields using keyboard and mouse.
6.Check paste text function in all fields using keyboard and mouse.
7.Check cut text function in all fields using keyboard and mouse.
8.Check entering maximal number of characters in all fields.
9.Check entering minimal number of characters in all fields.
10.Check entering all possible correct characters in all fields.
11.Check password masking when log in.
12.Enter max+1 number of symbols (try all fields)
13.Do not enter any value in all fields and register.
14.Check HTML, Javascript, SQL support in all fields
15.Enter valid value in some fields, and don't enter in others - try to use different combinations.
16.Enter valid value in pass field, enter email without @(at sign) in email field and register.

15)Bug report - username field must be filled

Login - username field is not required to log in
STR:
1. Go to log in screen, being unauthorized and registered.
2. Fill all required fields to authorize, except username field.

screenshot

AR: log in successfully
ER: <<enter your username>> message appears
Severity: Critical
Environment: OS, browser

16)smoke testing for viber

1. Open application.
2. Register.
3. Make and receive a call.
4. Send and receive a Text Message.
5. Make and receive a video call.
6. Send and receive an image.
7. Make contacts and check that contacts are available.

17)Bug report for broken kettle

Kitchen, kettle bottom has hole
STR:
1. Go to the kitchen to make tea.
2. Fill the kettle with water.

screenshot

AR: water goes through kettle bottom outside
ER: kettle is filled with water
Severity: Critical
Environment: address, financial status

18)Test types and techniques to web calculator that only divides from 0,1 to 99,9

I will use Boundary Value Analysis technique and Pairwise Testing Technique to drive positive and negative testing.

It is necessary to make pairs of -1;-0,1;0;0,1;99,9;100 numbers and test with these numbers as input data.

Also, we can make ux-test of such characteristics as a using comfort, interface colors' niceness and symbols displaying.

19)Equivalence Partitioning tests

The health program for employees:
1.Employees who consume 15 units or fewer of alcohol per week receive 10% higher salary.
2.Employees who take part in special health program receive 12% higher salary.
3.Employees who take part in forced health program receive 20% higher salary
when having a body mass index (BMI) of 25.5 or less, and 15% higher salary for BMIs under 30.
4.Non-smokers receive 30% higher salary.
5.Smokers, who've joined a course to stop smoking receive 25% higher salary.
6.Smokers, who haven't joined the smoking cessation receive 2% lower salary.

Using the equivalence class technique, how many tests should be written to cover conditions at 100%?

1.2 - positive and negative.
2.2 - positive and negative.
3.3 - BMI 25 and BMI 30 and negative.
4.+5.+6.:3 - non-smokers and smoking cessation smokers and smokers
=10 tests will cover these conditions.

20)Minimal test number for auto insurance

Cases:
a) people under 18 don't receive insurance;
b) for men with red auto insurance costs 15% more;
c) for women from 18 to 64 insurance is reduced by 20$;
d) for men from 18 to 64 insurance is reduced by 25$;
e) for people under 64 insurance is reduced by 30$;

If the program answers on input of gender, age and presence of man's red car,
count of tests: 
1.age zero, any gender
2.age 17, any gender
3.age 18, woman
4.age 18, man
5.age 18, man, red car
6.age 18, woman, red car
7.age 64, man
8.age 64, woman
9.age 65, man
10.age 65, woman
11.maximum age, any gender
